Add new pages for Sheets and functions and operators (#25036)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sheets/_index.md

---
title: Sheets
further_reading:
- link: "/sheets/functions_operators"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Functions and Operators"
---

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/private-beta/datadog-sheets/" btn_hidden="false" header="Join the Beta!">}}
Sheets is available in <strong>private beta</strong>. To qualify for this product beta, you should have existing use cases where you currently use spreadsheets (such as Excel or Google Sheets) with Datadog’s metrics, logs, or RUM data. If you're interested in this feature, complete the form to request access.
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

> Sheets is a spreadsheet tool that connects to Datadog data, enabling you to perform complex data analysis and build reports without requiring technical expertise. It allows teams to use familiar spreadsheet functions like lookups, pivot tables, and calculations on Datadog data, so you don’t have to export and use another tool with stale data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sheets is a spreadsheet tool that you can populate with Datadog data, enabling you to perform complex analysis and build reports without requiring technical expertise. It allows teams to use familiar spreadsheet functions like lookups, pivot tables, and calculations on Datadog data, so you don’t have to export and use another tool with stale data. 
```
"connects to" made me think it was more of a Google Sheets integration or similar, so I tried to reword to make the tool's purpose clearer. It's a tough one to write, though!

For example, you have a table of RUM data with user emails and you want to know which teams these users belong to. You can add a lookup where you are taking a Reference Table which has user metadata, comparing the work email in the Reference table and comparing against the User Email in your Sheets table. Lookup pulls the team from the Reference table and adds it as a new column to your spreadsheet.

## Pivot table

After you add a table of data to a spreadsheet, analyze and add context to your raw data with a Pivot table. Use pivot tables to summarize and organize large amounts of data into customized tables. It helps you analyze data to find patterns and trends, and see comparisons. For example, you can have a table of Error logs with a hundred rows, but with a pivot table you can break down that data into a summary table that counts your error logs by method or region. To create a pivot table:
1. From an existing spreadsheet that already has a table of data click **Add Pivot Table**.
1. In the Rows section, select the dimensions you want to analyze, for example, Status of logs.

> 1. In the Calculations sections, select the dimensions you want to perform some calculations, including sum, average, count, min, and max.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Calculations** section, select the dimensions you want to use in calculations, including sum, average, count, min, and max.
```
Or "the dimensions you want to perform calculations on"?

## Supported data sources

Create tables and analyze the data pulled from the following data sources:

| Data Source          | Product page       |
| -------------------- | -----------        | 
| Logs                 | [Logs Explorer][2] |
| Real User Monitoring | [RUM Explorer][5]  |
| Cloud Cost           | [Metrics Explorer][6] </br> <strong>Note</strong>: The Cloud Cost data sources must be selected. |

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/sheets
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs

> [3]: PLACEHOLDER

Author: ```suggestion
[3]: /sheets/functions_operators
```
